When I was a bachelor I lived all alone, I worked and to weave I strayed,
And the only only thing I did that was growl was to a bayonet,
I pulled a girl in the wintertime that in the summer grew,
And the only only thing that I ever did growl was to keep her from the foggy foggy dew.
One night she came to my red side and I lay fast asleep,
She laid her head upon my bed and she began to weep,
She sighed, she cried, she tabbed it high, she said, what can I do?
So I hold her in two hands and I coverd up the hand just to keep her from the foggy foggy dew.
Now I am a bachelor and I live with my son, I love to work and to weave I strayed,
And every single time that I look into his eyes he reminds me of that bayonet,
He reminds me of the wintertime and of the summer dew,
And of the many many times I took her in my arms and I stood her from the foggy foggy dew.